[Dio] Hey, Pucchi,
were you aware
an average of 40,000 people
visit the Louvre per day?
It's the most
sought-out museum on Earth.
It opened August 10, 1793.
So, this guarantees
that every single day,
before they decide
to leave the museum behind,
40,000 humans
will choose to see
the Mona Lisa
and Venus de Milo.
Fascinating, no?
When you say "fascinating",
do you mean the numbers?
[Dio] Let me clarify.
I'm marveling about
how brilliant artists
can imbue their very souls
into something seen
as merely cold and inanimate.
As if they're Stands
that travel beyond time itself.
[Dio] Wouldn't you agree?
An intriguing thought, I admit.
So, you're implying that
Leonardo Da Vinci
and Alexandros of Antioch
are Stand Users?
Yes, I'm talking
about you as well, Pucchi.
Your Pale Snake has the ability
to holy manifest souls
and preserve them.
[gasps]
What I'm saying is are you
going to betray me some day?
Why haven't you
attacked me yet?
You do know that
my weakness is the sunlight,
which is why I sleep all day
in darkness.
[Dio] You could easily
kill me in my sleep.
If you take The World
by turning it into a disc,
you can be King
almost instantly.
Go ahead!
[tense music playing]
That's never crossed my mind
even once before.
I have only admiration
for people
who help nurture my growth.
[Young Father Pucchi]
You are the king of kings.
When it's over,
where will you be?
I want to see it through
to the end.
I love you with the same
reverence and passion
as I love God.
[Dio] Forgive me, it's quite
obvious now, I've insulted you.
I never imagined
I would one day meet a human
who could so effortlessly
put me at ease in conversation.
You must understand
I was afraid of losing you.
You'll become a noble priest
one day. I'm certain.
Take that disc,
and do as you will.
A token of apology.
[Dio] I have released it
from my body to you.
No matter where you may be,
you can be secure
in knowing I will
always give you power.
[F.F. screams]
Jo...
[groans]
[screams]
Jolyne!
Listen to me, Pale Snake.
Read the memories on that disc
and find out where Jolyne is.
-[crackling on radio]
-[Weather Forecast] Talk to me.
[gasps]
What happened? Is that you?
[grunts]
Answer me!
Or can't you hear me?
[Pale Snake] Why's the radio
randomly sitting here?
Who's the guy talking?
I need to know.
But who the hell is that? Who?
[crackling]
[gasps]
[Weather Forecast]
Ah, of course!
I understand now.
It's a situation
where you can't respond.
I just left the medical wing.
That bastard!
It's Weather Forecast!
I knew it!
[thunder claps]
Wait! Why is it raining now?
[grunts]
I must get the disc,
[clattering]
Damn! You bitch!
She must have gotten Weather
Forecast to create this storm.
I'm coming after you.
You're not going anywhere.
[groans]
[grunts]
What's going on?
I can't see a thing.
Where did you go?
No! Now, there's fog, too.
[clattering]
There is a pattern to the sound
of those rocks pounding.
It's Morse code. Decipher it!
[F.F.] This fog
isn't thick enough.
They're gonna catch me.
Pale Snake's
true identity is...
Father Pucchi!
He knows now.
That little wretch
blew my cover.
Weather Forecast knows
who I am!
[clattering]
[Father Pucchi]
Five hundred three.
Count the prime numbers.
Five-oh-nine.
Five hundred twenty-one.
All prime numbers
and they can't be divided.
The reason people succumb
to defeat...
Five twenty-three.
...is because of their shame.
Shame so great,
it can kill them.
Five forty-one.
Because of shame,
guilt and disgrace
that make one regret
their past actions.
People become helpless,
and weak, and cave in.
It wasn't a mistake
that I didn't notice
the guard's radio.
It was a trial.
I have to use what I've learnt
to ensure victory.
The only saving grace now is
Jolyne Cujoh still doesn't know
who I really am.
Therefore, it seems nothing
has meaningfully changed yet.
I haven't completely
lost sight of her.
[Father Pucchi]
The genuine victor
is the one who can conquer
and control all living beings.
[F.F. breathes heavily]
[Weather Forecast] You managed
to make it out alive.
Hey!
Where are Jolyne
and the rest of them?
[Jolyne] Anastasia.
I want you to know I owe you
a huge debt of gratitude.
So, thank you!
You are why I made it this far.
But still, why would you
go through all this for me?
Finding out
Pale Snake's true identity
and taking back my dad's
memories is only my business.
[gasps]
Jolyne, how do you still
not know the answer?
I have made my feelings
for you clear.
You've been amenable
to my company, mostly.
I see it in your eyes.
[Anastasia] That's
the real reason I'm here.
This thing
is chewing on my hair.
Why is it doing that?
Sorry, but I don't know.
[Anastasia] You have no idea?
You can see it's chomping
my hair like noodles.
[birds cawing]
And now, it's eating dirt, too.
Maybe it really is a plant
after all. Feeding itself.
But then
it falls asleep instantly.
[Anastasia gasps]
Shh! Jolyne, get down.
-Something's coming over.
-[breathes softly]
[suspenseful music playing]
[leaves rustling]
[Anastasia]
There's two of them,
and they're already gotten
way too close for comfort.
[breathes softly]
[breathes heavily]
F.F.! It's you!
[F.F.] Jolyne.
I finally found out
who the real Pale Snake is.
And it's Father Pucchi,
seriously.
[both gasp]
He's the one
who did this to me.
[F.F.]
I almost bit the dust.
If Weather Forecast hadn't
shown up, I'd be dead for sure.
-[groans]
-[Jolyne] F.F.!
I'm okay,
just had to ditch the skin.
Were you guys
able to handle your side?
What happened
to your right eye? Here.
[F.F.] Let me see!
I'll treat it for you.
Back up!
What you just said before...
Yeah, that asshole priest,
he was trying to find the baby,
but this time,
using D an' G's memories.
All we have to do now
is hunt him down,
with Weather Forecast, too.
Victory's around the corner.
[Jolyne gasps softly]
[Jolyne] Weather Forecast.
Jolyne.
Have all your wounds
from the factory healed up no?
Yeah, and yours?
[soft piano music playing]
[Jolyne breathes softly]
[grunts softly]
Excuse me! But what is
suddenly happening here?
What do they think
they're doing?
Hugging! You dumbass!
I mean it.
Pull them apart right now!
[F.F.] You want me to do it?
Well, I certainly can't do it.
Besides, we made a deal
that you would help.
Now, hurry! He's getting
his scent all over her.
Oh, cool it, crisscross.
They're just saying hi
to each other.
See!
They're finished.
Quit getting your panties
in a bunch.
We found out
Father Pucchi is the enemy,
so save your tantrum
for another time, buddy.
Pardon? But are you
actually talking back?
What gives you the audacity?
It seems you've totally
abandoned our contract.
You're nothing
but lowly plankton.
[breathes sharply]
[Anastasia] Jolyne, now that
we know Pale Snake's identity,
let's dispatch
our tiny companion. Yes?
There's no need for it,
so I'll go handle it.
All I need now
is your consent, Jolyne.
Hey, wait!
[Anastasia]
This pathetic creature
isn't an ally.
It's not even human.
As far as I'm concerned,
it shouldn't even exist.
It's lower than creeping fungus
on a rock, born as a mistake.
Who knows what evil
it could be capable of.
We can't risk it.
Give me your consent.
Hey! Hold up, tough guy!
Are you talking shit about me?
You should really
watch your mouth or...
-[grunts]
-Get your filthy hands off me.
Now isn't the time
for your nonsense, plankton.
[exhales sharply]
Weather Forecast,
you understand the situation.
[Anastasia]
I want your consent as well.
Sorry, I'm afraid
I can't do that.
Because you're the one
who's going to die.
[all grunt]
[dramatic music playing]
Huh?
[gasps]
F.F., I don't think you know
who you brought with you.
You bastard.
I'll kill you.
Now, you've really done it.
Anastasia!
[gasps]
No way! Seriously!
He isn't Weather Forecast.
I think this guy...
This guy is...
just an illusion.
Thanks for leading the way
for me, F.F. Very nice of you.
I'm glad I could make it
with plenty of time
before the real Weather
Forecast could ruin everything.
[breathes weakly]
[Pale Snake]
Five hundred forty-seven.
Five hundred fifty-seven.
Prime numbers are
unbreakable and indivisible.
I never believed this day
would truly come.
After 22 years,
the place that exists beyond
the pinnacle of
human achievement.
It's real! This is it!
I know it!
After decades of searching,
I finally found it.
The direct path to heaven.
True, it's still imperfect
and premature.
But all that's left now
is to follow the memories
sealed by Jotaro Cujoh.
[Father Pucchi]
There is a new moon tonight.
Dio! I will awaken you
and it'll be time for a heaven
gloriously fitting
for me to control.
[Father Pucchi]
The 36 damned souls of those
who once committed
heinous crimes.
The pure new being
born from that soil.
Behold the living embodiment
right here!
Though, of course, very quickly
before we get into that.
I must cast you into
the perfect oblivion of death.
You must know it was
always leading up to this.
Get up, daughter of Jotaro.
You're the only one who barely
protected your vital point.
Shame on you!
[grunts]
If you won't come to me,
I'll indulge your stubbornness
and come to you.
[swooshing]
[grunts]
Pale Snake, you piece of shit!
I know who you are now,
but I never once thought
I would find out
the way that I did.
Especially meeting you
again now, like this.
[Jolyne] You have three
big things I plan to take back.
One, my dad's memories.
Two, the disc you stole
from F.F.'s head.
And most importantly,
your life!
[upbeat music playing]
[grunts]
Berserk!
Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
Why would you possibly use
handcuffs on me?
[Jolyne grunts]
[Pale Snake gasps]
[clenching teeth]
Is this your first time
in cuffs?
Well, thanks to your
dirty little scheme,
I've been wearing them
practically every day
since I was dragged here.
You think
these measly bracelets
can contain me, do you?
What do you think
handcuffs are for?
They're not for preventing
escaped criminals.
They're for forcing
your surrender.
[Father Pucchi]
I feel compelled to mention
you don't quite seem to
understand what you're doing.
See, these handcuffs put us
in straight mutual contact.
So, I'm curious to know
what you think it's about.
Exactly, which one of us is
being captured here?
Do you follow me?
Your treasured
Stone Ocean Stand
has just been
turned into a disc.
I can easily
coax it out of you.
Watch me!
[Father Pucchi]
Now, do you understand?
When it all boils down,
which one of us is in
irretrievably dire straits,
you or me?
Whatever!
I don't understand it one bit.
At least that's what I've...
come to realize.
A few millimeters.
I'm saying that's literally
all the forward movement
towards you I need right now,
and I can bash your face in.
[Father Pucchi]
Imagine swallows
that fly straight into cliffs,
so they die.
It's impractical and tragic,
but their flight at skewed
dangerous angles
almost sure to get them killed.
Their parents never taught them
to fly in safe loops.
But it isn't because
the parents
chose not to teach them,
it's because they're unable
to teach them,
since they've never learned
from their parents, either.
[Father Pucchi] Many swallows
don't live very long.
They don't even realize
they're predisposed
to those fatal accidents.
I believe Jotaro
was just such a swallow.
[grunts]
[both yell]
[Father Pucchi] Finally,
your Stone Ocean is mine!
Ora!
[grunts]
[Father Pucchi]
But how did she know
when I blinded her
with the disc?
It doesn't make sense!
Is she feeling it
from these cuff's vibrations?
-Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
-[yells]
Oh, I see! It's intimidation.
That's it!
She's using intimidation
to detect and fend off
my attacks.
-Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
-[Father Pucchi] I didn't think
she even possessed Stand powers
when she arrived at the prison.
I thought she was just
a pathetic girl,
This is bad.
This Stand may be too strong
for Pale Snake.
I'm running out of time fast.
What should I...
Worst of all, the newly
born entity will be...
[grunts]
[Jolyne gasps]
What the hell?
What'd you throw?
What did you do?
[groans]
I ask you what did you
just throw at me!
Discs are souls
in convenient material form.
They can be preserved
for eternity.
However,
if a disc enters
the body of someone dying,
it will simply fade out
and die along with them.
[Father Pucchi] And no matter
what you attempt to do,
you'll never be able
to resurrect it. It's done.
[gasps]
That is Jotaro's disc you've
been risking your life for.
Why waste time?
I have a better thought.
Anastasia's dying.
I could put it in his body
instead.
I gouged the thing in.
What are you going to do?
Are you going to
pull the disc out?
Or are you going to
continue with
this ridiculous death match?
[gasps]
[Father Pucchi]
To jettison Jotaro's disc
could indeed be disastrous,
but I fear nothing.
I've already read and memorized
how to get straight to heaven.
All that's left to do
is execute it.
[Father Pucchi]
So, Jolyne Cujoh,
what's it going to be?
This is no longer
an ultimate decision.
Your father's being dragged
to his death with Anastasia.
Aren't you upset?
Are you dead inside, too?
[roars]
Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
[Father Pucchi]
All I really want to need now
is to obtain
the newly born being.
[Jolyne pants]
Yes, I win! As expected,
you chose your father.
[exhales sharply]
Now, spiral stairs, the beetle,
abandoned town, fig tart,
beetle, the path to Dolorosa,
beetle, singularity, Giotto.
Angel, hydrangea,
beetle, singularity,
secret emperor.
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps in awe]
[Father Pucchi]
Could it be you're showing
interest in this?
Will this be the new beginning
of everything?
[grunts]
Bless you, my child!
Now, we can both
enter your world together.
Hallelujah, beloved Dio!
Anastasia!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Jolyne] No! Am I too late?
This can't be...
Please, no! Tell me how...
How could this happen?
Help! Somebody!
Is there anyone around?
I'm desperate! Guards!
Over here, hurry!
Can anyone hear me?
We need a doctor.
-Hey!
-[grunts]
-[Anastasia] Diver Drive.
-[Jolyne] Someone help...
-Hey, F.F.!
-Please, hurry! Someone!
Can you hear me?
[Jolyne screams]
Help us!
[Anatasia] Jolyne's grieving.
She's in pain.
[weak groan] This tragedy
happened all because of you.
Damn it...
I'm so cold.
I'm getting colder
with every passing moment.
My heart has almost stopped
beating entirely already.
Her father's disc
was put inside me.
If I die,
which appears very likely,
it, too, will certainly
perish forever.
I truly struggled
to remove it from my body,
but my consciousness
is almost gone.
It appears
you're disintegrating
and degenerating quickly, too.
I'll give you all I have left,
but you must do this.
I want you to use my intellect
and whatever small flicker
remains of my life.
Use everything!
It's all yours now.
You're going to use that
to reach inside my body
and take the disc out,
because Jolyne needs it.
Only you, the plankton,
can do this.
F.F., please, answer me.
Remember?
You and I made a deal.
That you would hear and obey
all my orders.
I won't let you
break our promise.
You're going to live on.
I don't care what you do
to my body.
You have to hurry!
My consciousness is...
fading away.
[somber music playing]
[gasps] No! No,
this cannot be happening!
Anastasia!
[F.F.] You're wrong, Jolyne.
Please, don't worry!
It's not what you think.
Look at the disc.
Anastasia did it.
He recovered the disc.
It's back.
F.F., wait! Was that you?
Are you the one
doing the talking?
[F.F.] I think
what I was most afraid of
was having to leave
my friends behind
without even having any chance
to say goodbye to them.
But...
when the end finally came,
I found the strength
and courage to do it.
[gasps]
Jolyne,
when Anastasia comes to,
please tell him this.
"Your body's yours alone.
I patched and healed
your wounds
with your intelligence
and your potent life force."
[Jolyne] Hey, wait a minute!
What the hell are you
talking about? No! F.F., wait!
[F.F.] Goodbye, Jolyne.
Thanks for everything!
My time here is finally up.
The one you know
as F.F. will disappear.
What are you telling me?
This is crazy!
I don't believe you!
Jolyne, it's all right!
What you see right now is me!
This is my intellect, my soul.
And it's proof I was alive.
I'm... I'm gonna get your disc,
F.F.'s disc,
back from that priest.
No matter what! I promise you!
You'll come back to life
and stay here.
[F.F.]
But that'll be a different F.F.
The me you know
won't be in there.
This is the true me.
I could just say goodbye.
I couldn't have left you
without doing that.
Jolyne.
[F.F.] It's gonna be okay.
And that's my promise to you.
I'm glad you finally got
the disc back.
-[leaves rustling]
-[soft piano music playing]
F.F., no!
[shaking breaths]
[cracking on radio]
[Weather Forecast]
Come in, F.F.
I can't track you.
Do you copy? Over.
Where are you?
[gasps]
F.F.? Hey!
[Weather Forecast]
Come in, F.F.! Acknowledge!
[Jolyne] F.F.!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]